Mr. Hawthorne, what are you doing here?
I'm actually here for you.
What?
I need a marriage card card.
Again, what?
I need you to be my wife.
Give it a thought.
Mr. Hawthorne, I was really drunk last night,
and I can't remember how everything happened after, but you really don't...
Well, I know some unfortunate things have happened in your family recently.
This card has more than enough on it to pay off all your debts,
and make sure your house doesn't get auctioned off.
If you agree, we can get the marriage certificate right now.
Why do you want to help me?
I told you, I need a wife, and you're the most suitable person.
It's for my family.
I have no other way.
Mr. Hawthorne, thank you so much for helping me.
I promise I will pay you back every cent as soon as I can.
You don't pay me back? More than happy.
I'm gonna get back to work then.
Ronan will actually take you back.
And I'll give you my home address, so you can move in tonight.
Your home address?